Temporarily remove application logs section for PHP tracer (#4075)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/advanced_usage/_index.md

Debug mode is disabled by default. To enable it, set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_DEBUG=true`. See the PHP [configuration docs][1] for details about how and when this environment variable value should be set in order
to be properly handled by the tracer.

> The location of the log file depends on your setup: it can be either ErrorLog directive (apache), error_log directive (nginx) or error_log ini param in php/php-fpm.

Reviewer: Not completely sure what this sentence means. By "directive", do you mean directory? Also, having trouble understanding the last part: what do you mean by the error_log ini param in php/php-fpm?

Reviewer 2: Hi! In order to tell PHP where it should put error_log messages you can either set it at the server level or as a PHP `ini` parameter, which is the standard way to configure php behavior.

If you are using Apache as a server, then you can use the Apache's `ErrorLog` directive.
If you are using nginx as a server, then you can use the nginx's `error_log` directive.
If you are configuring instead at php level, you can use the php's `error_log` ini parameter.

Reviewer: Got it! Let's go with:

```suggestion
To configure the location of your error log messages, set it at the server level (use the `ErrorLog` directive in Apache or the `error_log` directive in NGINX) or at the PHP level, using PHP's `error_log` ini parameter.
```
